bugfix: extend `mo-doc` to produce documentation for `actor` and `actor class` compilation units (#4905)
dfinity/motoko: Changelog.md

# Motoko compiler changelog

* motoko (`moc`)

>   * bugfix: `mo-doc` will now generate documentation for actors and actor classes (#TBC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * bugfix: `mo-doc` will now generate documentation for `actor`s and `actor class`es (#4905).
```
